# Jets Project

## Description
This program allows the user to store a collection of Jets of different varieties. The user is then allowed to "perform" certain actions, add data, remove data, and retrieve specific pieces of data. When the program initiates, a text file comprised of jet objects(containing multiple pieces of data) is read and its data is stored in the program. The data from these objects is then used by the program to perform certain actions or organize in specific ways. For example all Fighter Jets (a child of Jet) when called to combat will display their info and perform additional functions; if a Jet is of a different subclass they will not be displayed. An example of organization is displaying a specific jet for one of its qualities like having the fastest speed or farthest range. Other features of the program include adding and removing jets from the fleet. When adding a new jet, the user is allowed to type in multiple fields to create the new jet, such as speed, model, range, etc. When removing a jet from the fleet, all jets are displayed when a number next to them, the user can select any jet from the list they'd like to remove. Any time the user adds or removes jets from the fleet, the program automatically updates and will display the new information accordingly. For example, if a new jet is added, when the user selects to view the fleet, an update fleet list will appear with the newly created jet. When the user selects quit, the program displays a goodbye message and ends. Future directions for this project include allowing the user to create more than one type of new jet and to create pilots that will be assigned to each jet.

## What I learned
I learned a lot from working on this project. It greatly strengthened my understanding on the fundamentals of Object Oriented Programming (OOP). This includes the creation of multiple classes and interfaces which all include concepts/practice of abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. By using these fundamentals of OOP, the program is significantly less redundant/repetitive, able to organize and store data efficiently, and be dynamic with the user. Specifically concepts that were new include abstract classes, file reader, interfaces, and collections(more specifically lists).

## Technologies Used
Git, Eclipse, Java, Google, Atom